+ Update event addition to use tabs.
+ Prevent property submission if the property is invalid.
- There is a Knex timeout error happening on the properties page. Might be recurring or not.
+ The next an previous buttons of a CarouselProvider don't work sometimes
+ Event targets are not updating correctly when choosing an event type.
+ Selecting drainage ditch in event targets causes the error:
  data is undefined

+ At the data section of adding an event, display the chosen event type and target before the inputs.
- Jumping straight to the draft tab after adding a heating, but not defining it, will not remove the heating.
+ Specific event targets should be deleted if the user changes the event target.
+ Add roof information into its own tab in the property form.
+ The property report does not show the correct primary heating system.
- Property report shows undefined expenses as NaN.
+ Roof checkboxes cannot be deselected.
+ Updating properties causes the app to hang
- On the events page, a knex timeout error occurs. Maybe a transaction is left open after creating an event.
+ The more-button on the PropertyOverview-component doesn't do anything when clicked. (Seems to be related to an internal server error. Usually works)
+ Event targets are not fetched when selecting 'Other' as the event type.
- Removing the date when creating an event, does not disable the submit button.
+ Add unique names to heating brand, model and volume, as multiple heating types have peripherals with those fields.
- Add a loading icon to the event confirm button.
+ Add file input to add-event-form.
+ Files from the file-list cannot be deleted.
- The event date value on the input is not accepted by typescript.
+ Add locks property to the events payload type.
+ The card-image on events does not show up.
- Disable checking for the property-id again if it is already valid.
+ Creating a roof restoration event, does not correctly update an existing roof. (The reason was that loading a roof through roofs.get does not fetch the other data fields of it.)
